python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 2 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.2.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 3 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.3.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 6 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.6.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 9 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.9.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 12 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.12.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 24 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.24.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 36 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.36.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 48 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.48.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 60 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.60.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py prcp 72 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.prcp.72.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 2 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.2.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 3 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.3.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 6 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.6.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 9 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.9.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 12 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.12.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 24 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.24.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 36 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.36.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 48 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.48.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 60 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.60.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py pet 72 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.pet.72.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 2 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.2.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 3 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.3.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 6 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.6.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 9 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.9.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 12 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.12.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 24 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.24.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 36 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.36.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 48 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.48.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 60 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.60.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tavg 72 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tavg.72.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 2 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.2.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 3 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.3.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 6 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.6.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 9 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.9.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 12 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.12.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 24 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.24.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 36 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.36.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 48 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.48.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 60 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.60.out
python MeanMetInfoArrays.py tmax 72 >& Outs/MeanMetInfoArrays.tmax.72.out
